docs: Add known issue for netkit endpoint route issues (#35126)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/performance/tuning.rst

"Device Mode" which should state "netkit". Also, ensure to have eBPF host
routing enabled - the reporting status under "Host Routing" must state "BPF".

.. warning::

>     This is a beta feature. Users may encounter `issues <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20label%3Afeature%2Fnetkit%20>`_
>     while using it.

Reviewer: nit: Users are the ones reading this, it's more direct to inform the user about the resources we have and instruct the reader what to do rather than talking about them in the third person.

```suggestion
    This is a beta feature. Please provide feedback and file a GitHub issue if you experience any problems. Known issues with this feature are tracked `here <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20label%3Afeature%2Fnetkit%20>`_.
```

Author: Updated

             --set bpf.masquerade=true \\
             --set kubeProxyReplacement=true

**Known Issues:**

* Users may encounter issues when using netkit with endpoint routes
  (:gh-issue:`35060`).

  * ``NetworkPolicies`` cause liveness/readiness probes to time out

>     (:gh-issue:`21541`).

Reviewer 2: The description of the pull request mentions https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/33875 instead of https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/21541, is it intended? The latter has been closed for a long while, seems like a wrong link.

Author: Ah, good catch. I copy-pasted from some other docs I wrote and forgot to change the GH issue number -_-

Author: Fixed this, but will wait to see what @joestringer says.
